well out of there I don't know people
it's bo-gyung so today we're going to
talk about how an event can be used to
further a bad idea a false idea even
when all of the facts surrounding that
event suggest that idea is false how an
event can be used to propagandize
something and and further an idea that
is plainly false and the event itself
shows it we're going to talk about the
desire to wear the white hat because
that event out in Texas more fuel has
been added to the fire and it's
furthering the idea that all you need to
do is just go buy one strap it on your
hip and you'll be there you'll be ready
to save the day you will be John Wayne
Gary Cooper you will be the good guy and
you'll get to be the hero you will be
the good guy with gun
I had already noticed that this was
going on that people were using this
incident out there to to further this
idea when one of y'all tagged me in a
thread on Twitter and this goes to prove
that I do actually read it we all do
that there's a quote in it almost gave
me an aneurysm it's a myth that training
is required to use a gun effectively
little old grandmas can pick up a gun
point and pull the trigger effectively
and safely more training can and does
help sure but not necessary for safe and
effective usage I humbly beg to disagree
this idea is incredibly dangerous
incredibly dangerous more importantly
it's the complete opposite of what
happened I would like to point to the
Attorney General of Texas his
description of the hero the guy that
stopped it he was a reserve deputy and
had significant training had his own
shooting range had taught other people
how to shoot had taught many people in
this church how to be prepared he wasn't
just some old dude that happened to to
be on scene he was part of their
security team this church had a security
team they planned they trained they were
Hurst they knew what they were going to
do and it paid off and it saved lives
there's no doubt of that but even with
that I'd like to point out that only one
person actually engaged we've all seen
the photos a whole bunch of people that
were armed one person engaged this has
been proven time and time again that's
what's going to happen because most
people no matter how good the training
is most people aren't killers they're
going to wait they're gonna hesitate one
person didn't and he fired one shot and
yeah
he wore the white hat he saved the day
with a one shot without training do you
think he could have done it with one
shot well he could have used more
sometimes one shot is all you got the
idea that you don't need to Train is
dangerous incredibly dangerous more
importantly to the means I want to point
to what the hero himself had to say
about it
he said the events put me in a position
that I would hope no one would have to
be in but evil exists and I had to take
out he had to doesn't want anybody to be
in that situation this isn't somebody
who sat around fantasizing about wearing
the white hat being the good guy with a
gun this is somebody who took took
responsibility for their own safety and
the safety of their religious
institution trained developed a plan and
when the time came was able to put it
into action and it saved lives yeah
that'll work a lot a lot of time that's
gonna pay off it won't always but a lot
of the time that will enough to invest
in doing it you know what doesn't pay
off having a bunch of people who bought
one and carry it and don't train and
don't have a plan that's not gonna help
anybody
this debate in this country about
whether or not people should be armed
about whether or not civilians should
have access when the idea is that the
object itself is the solution it's wrong
just like every every person who
supports the Second Amendment will tell
you it's an object it doesn't do
anything by itself that's true on both
sides if you're going to purchase a
firearm you must train there's no other
way to do it none just purchasing it and
having it around it's going to be used
to hurt you you're gonna get yourself
hurt or you're gonna do nothing and feel
bad because you had the means at hand
and didn't act because you didn't train
people with training hesitate if you
don't have training the odds are you are
not part of that four percent anyway
it's just a fault y'all have a good
night